IBX-322: Send email notifications from Form Builder (#1376)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/extending/extending_form_builder.md

### Configure sender details

> To send notification emails from the Form Builder, you need to configure `sender_address` in `config/packages/swiftmailer.yaml`. It acts as a sender and return address for all bounced messages. For more information, see [Symfony Mailer Configuration Reference.](https://symfony.com/doc/5.0/reference/configuration/swiftmailer.html#sender-address) Some providers require a `sender_address` to be defined, or outgoing mails will be bounced.

Reviewer: Not all e-mail service providers are requiring the `sender_address` to be set - maybe we can change it to something like:
```suggestion
Some e-mail providers require the `sender_address` in `config/packages/swiftmailer.yaml` to be set. Therefore, to send notification emails from the Form Builder, you need to configure it . It acts as a sender and return address for all bounced messages. For more information, see [Symfony Mailer Configuration Reference.](https://symfony.com/doc/5.0/reference/configuration/swiftmailer.html#sender-address) Some providers require a `sender_address` to be defined, or outgoing mails will be bounced.
```

> Some e-mail providers require the `sender_address` in `config/packages/swiftmailer.yaml` to be set. Therefore, to send notification emails from the Form Builder, you need to configure it . It acts as a sender and return address for all bounced messages. For more information, see [Symfony Mailer Configuration Reference.](https://symfony.com/doc/5.0/reference/configuration/swiftmailer.html#sender-address) Some providers require a `sender_address` to be defined, or outgoing mails will be bounced.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some email providers require a sender address to be set, so to avoid unsent emails when using Form Builder,
it is recommended to configure `sender_address` in `config/packages/swiftmailer.yaml`.
This email acts as a sender and return address for all bounced messages.
For more information, see [Symfony Mailer Configuration Reference.](https://symfony.com/doc/5.0/reference/configuration/swiftmailer.html#sender-address)
```
if all the facts are ok, to mirror the structure from the other Pr
